Create README.md in portals folder (#1055)
Sage-Bionetworks/synapse-web-monorepo: apps/portals/README.md

## How to run my portal locally?
You can `cd` to the `apps/portals/<portalName>` folder and run `pnpm start`. 

> First you will have to build all of the dependencies, though. You can do that with `pnpm nx run <portalName>:start`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First you will have to build all of the dependencies, though. You ensure that all dependencies are built before starting the portal by running `pnpm nx run <portalName>:start`.
```
